docs: recommend add `tests/` directory to the `.helmignore` (#1580)
helm/helm-www: content/en/docs/topics/chart_tests.md

- A test is a [Helm hook](/docs/charts_hooks/), so annotations like
  `helm.sh/hook-weight` and `helm.sh/hook-delete-policy` may be used with test
  resources.

> - Normally the content in the `tests/` does not need to be packaged and published. Please add `tests/` line to `.helmignore` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Often the contents in the `tests/` directory does not need to be packaged and published. Consider adding `tests/` to the `.helmignore` file.
```
